we go out to say hello the forum will be pointed
efecom wing / mdo
she went to san carlos and indias to present my name is efraín
Chávez to be a candidate for municipal president
the guys that accompany me are the template
and the work that we are campaigning is
ask until their houses so that they know us
but invite them to participate
we have to make a change of look
we have to maybe even the colonies
to trade then if you can achieve all of that personally with
with your support and that we work
we have to work together in whatever they want but they go back to the
patrimony and income of the government of navarra has
the Paraguayan already happened there was no one who managed the police
had not analyzed by paola holguín
in his greeting to the gentlemen fernando alonso coin bothers me
a general level
interannual
can only be achieved
here and together
let's make that field
na is a change for all
we have to have a lot of attention
there they are supporting Maurizio Solis from Buenos Aires
we want
we hope that people go
July 4th
you already have to go with prudence reader to support us with respect to the program
Now I'm going to work to be in the cup
in this activity that requires a week and a program called support
to the house
I think he would have liked it but he does not exercise it with who really what
could
the task for us is that that program
just the people who are really aware that we are
training well
we'll have to wait a long time to greet her this way, the next one will leave them
Earnings before
the words of aguirre
jackson allowed